Change link in the Observability second note to relative and fix list formatting for Kubernetes logs in Kyma Dashboard (#13885)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/02-get-started/05-observability.md

You can now browse the logs.  

>    > **NOTE:** To learn more about displaying logs (for example, in Kyma Dashboard or using `kubectl`) see [Access Kyma application logs](../04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-01-access-logs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE:** To learn about different ways to view logs (for example, in Kyma Dashboard or using `kubectl`), see [Access Kyma application logs](../04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-01-access-logs.md).
```
